---
layout: post
title: "Missed last couple of days - Day 19"
date: 2021-02-03
category-name: post
---

So have missed a few days since I had last updated so hence I have named this day 19 rather than what should be 21.  All is not lost however as whilst I have been quiet due to other commitments I have also made some progress.

I managed to finish off the FCC ES6 module and now working through Regular Expressions.  Hopefully this should be a nice easy module to get out of the way.  I have also started on the QA cert on FCC and been looking at Unit testing using Chai on <https://repl.it/>.  I don't want to have to wait working through all of the modules before I can understand how to test the code that is being written.  I think that is a key part of it all.  I have done a fair bit of QA in my current and previous role - however writing the test themselves within JS for automated testing will be interesting.

I have also been having a play around with codewards and looking at completing a few Kata's on there just to improve my own knowledge as I go and put what im learning in to practice.

#### ***What have I completed today*** :white_check_mark:

- FCC ES6

#### ***What is next on the list*** :pencil2:

- Finish FCC Regular Expressions
- Finish FCC QA and testing with Chai

#### ***What have I been reading / watching?*** :books: :tv:

- Grunt & Gulp - been reading up what they are all about - still a new function to me but look interesting.
- RegEx - How to use RegEx to match particular strings and count the index of them. 